# Ellison Die Cutter

In order to help with making 18xx games I ended up buying an [Ellison Prestige
Pro](https://www.ellisoneducation.com/19101/ellison-prestige-pro-machine) die
cutting machine.

You can take a look at my [imgur album](https://imgur.com/a/ylTCZ5U) of me
trying out the machine for the first time on test paper.

## Dies

In order to use it you need the machine itself and then cutting dies. I ended up
order two custom dies for myself:

- [CST25449](https://imgur.com/cH9WNHP) - Acryllic Hexes Die (4 x 6 per sheet)
- [CST25450](https://imgur.com/S0ozCYE) - Acryllic Mini Euro Cards Die (9 per sheet)

Those two die numbers can be used to order the same items that I got from their
custom die department. Acryllic dies mean that the cutting blades are embedded
in Acryllic instead of wood which allows you to see through the die to the
material you are cutting (You can see this in my album linked above).

## Printing

### Tiles

In order to print tiles from this app that match the die cutter listed above
make sure to select "die" as the tile layout either in the [settings](?config=true) or set the
`tile.layout` property to `die` in `config.json`.

When this property is set, the page size for tiles is hardcoded to be 8.5" by
11".

There is also a `smallDie` option that is setup to print on a die created to
make small 1" (flat to flat) tiles. I do not own this die so I haven't been able
to fully test it.

### Cards

You can set the `cards.layout` property to `dtgDie` or `miniEuroDie` depending
on which die layout you have. Just like on tiles setting one of these options
overrides a lot of other options.

## Ordering

In order to order custom dies I would contact Ellison via their [web
page](https://www.ellisoneducation.com/contact).

In order my order was $770 shipped. The cutter itself is about $400 with both
dies being about \$150 each. Your exact order may very depending on current
prices, what dies you buy, and where it needs to be shipped to. You can also
check on the public 18xx slack group since often people form group buys there to
get a huge discount on the price on individual dies.
